Creating test database for alias 'default' ('file:memorydb_default?mode=memory&cache=shared')...
Operations to perform:
  Synchronize unmigrated apps: messages, rest_framework, staticfiles
  Apply all migrations: activities, admin, auth, authtoken, contenttypes, courses, sessions
Synchronizing apps without migrations:
  Creating tables...
    Running deferred SQL...
Running migrations:
  Applying contenttypes.0001_initial... OK
  Applying auth.0001_initial... OK
  Applying activities.0001_initial... OK
  Applying activities.0002_auto_20210822_2235... OK
  Applying activities.0003_activity_submissions... OK
  Applying activities.0004_alter_activity_title... OK
  Applying activities.0005_rename_submissions_submission... OK
  Applying activities.0006_alter_submission_grade... OK
  Applying activities.0007_alter_submission_grade... OK
  Applying activities.0008_alter_submission_grade... OK
  Applying activities.0009_alter_submission_grade... OK
  Applying admin.0001_initial... OK
  Applying admin.0002_logentry_remove_auto_add... OK
  Applying admin.0003_logentry_add_action_flag_choices... OK
  Applying contenttypes.0002_remove_content_type_name... OK
  Applying auth.0002_alter_permission_name_max_length... OK
  Applying auth.0003_alter_user_email_max_length... OK
  Applying auth.0004_alter_user_username_opts... OK
  Applying auth.0005_alter_user_last_login_null... OK
  Applying auth.0006_require_contenttypes_0002... OK
  Applying auth.0007_alter_validators_add_error_messages... OK
  Applying auth.0008_alter_user_username_max_length... OK
  Applying auth.0009_alter_user_last_name_max_length... OK
  Applying auth.0010_alter_group_name_max_length... OK
  Applying auth.0011_update_proxy_permissions... OK
  Applying auth.0012_alter_user_first_name_max_length... OK
  Applying authtoken.0001_initial... OK
  Applying authtoken.0002_auto_20160226_1747... OK
  Applying authtoken.0003_tokenproxy... OK
  Applying courses.0001_initial... OK
  Applying courses.0002_rename_students_course_users... OK
  Applying sessions.0001_initial... OK
System check identified no issues (0 silenced).
test_create_and_login_for_facilitator_account (test_api.TestAccountView) ... ok
test_create_and_login_for_instructor_account (test_api.TestAccountView) ... ok
test_create_and_login_for_student_account (test_api.TestAccountView) ... ok
test_create_two_equals_users (test_api.TestAccountView) ... ok
test_wrong_credentials_do_not_login (test_api.TestAccountView) ... ok
test_facilitator_or_instructor_can_create_an_activity (test_api.TestActivityView) ... ok
test_facilitator_or_instructor_can_edit_a_submission_grade (test_api.TestActivityView) ... ok
test_facilitator_or_instructor_can_list_activities (test_api.TestActivityView) ... ok
test_facilitator_or_instructor_can_view_all_submissions (test_api.TestActivityView) ... ok
test_facilitator_or_instructor_cannot_submity_an_activity (test_api.TestActivityView) ... ok
test_if_it_is_not_possible_to_create_activities_with_the_same_title (test_api.TestActivityView) ... ok
test_student_can_submit_an_activity (test_api.TestActivityView) ... ok
test_student_can_view_only_your_submissions (test_api.TestActivityView) ... ok
test_student_cannot_edit_a_submission_grade (test_api.TestActivityView) ... ok
test_student_cannot_list_activities (test_api.TestActivityView) ... ok
test_students_cannot_create_activities (test_api.TestActivityView) ... ok
test_anonymous_can_filter_courses (test_api.TestCourseView) ... ok
test_anonymous_can_list_courses (test_api.TestCourseView) ... ok
test_anonymous_cannot_filter_invalid_course (test_api.TestCourseView) ... ok
test_create_course_with_invalid_token (test_api.TestCourseView) ... ok
test_create_two_courses_with_the_same_name_generate_the_same_ids (test_api.TestCourseView) ... ok
test_enroll_students_with_invalid_id (test_api.TestCourseView) ... ok
test_enrolls_students_with_invalid_course_id (test_api.TestCourseView) ... ok
test_facilitator_or_student_cannot_create_course (test_api.TestCourseView) ... ok
test_instructor_can_create_course (test_api.TestCourseView) ... ok
test_instructor_can_delete_courses (test_api.TestCourseView) ... ok
test_instructor_can_register_students_on_course (test_api.TestCourseView) ... ok
test_only_students_can_be_enrolled_in_the_course (test_api.TestCourseView) ... ok
test_student_or_facilitator_cannot_delete_courses (test_api.TestCourseView) ... ok
test_whether_a_list_is_entered_to_enroll_students_in_the_course (test_api.TestCourseView) ... ok

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Ran 30 tests in 14.628s

OK
Destroying test database for alias 'default' ('file:memorydb_default?mode=memory&cache=shared')...
